Allowing $get() to get full array of current path (#13653)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/forms/docs/03-fields/12-repeater.md

You can use `../` to go up a level in the data structure, so `$get('../client_id')` is `$get('repeater.client_id')` and `$get('../../client_id')` is `$get('client_id')`.

> The special case of `$get()` with no arguments, or `$get('')` or `$get('./')`, will always return the full data array for the current path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The special case of `$get()` with no arguments, or `$get('')` or `$get('./')`, will always return the full data array for the current repeater item.
```
